Peripherals: added SmartAP GPS page (#2156)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/gps_compass/gps_smartap.md

# Sky-Drones SmartAP GPS

[SmartAP GPS](https://sky-drones.com/navigation/smartap-gnss.html) is a GNSS navigation module with integrated antenna, UBlox Neo-M8N chipset, 3x 3-axis magnetometer (compass), 1x MS-5611 pressure sensor and RGB LED driver. 
SmartAP GPS supports concurrent reception of up to 3 GNSS (GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, BeiDou).

![SmartAP GPS](../../assets/hardware/gps/gps_smartap_gps.jpg)

Key features include:
- Concurrent reception of up to 3 GNSS (GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, BeiDou)
- 3x built-in magnetometers: HMC5983, IST8310 and LIS3MDL
- 1x built-in barometer: MS5611
- RGB LED Driver and status LEDs

## Where to Buy

* [Sky-Drones Store](https://sky-drones.com/navigation/smartap-gnss.html)

## Kit Contents

An SmartAP GPS kit includes:
- 1x GPS modules
- 1x 30cm cable

## Configuration

> For the aircraft, you should set the parameter [SER_GPS1_BAUD](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SER_GPS1_BAUD) to 115200 8N1 to ensure that PX4 configures the correct baudrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the aircraft, you should set the parameter [SER_GPS1_BAUD](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SER_GPS1_BAUD) to 115200 8N1 to ensure that PX4 uses the correct baudrate.
```

## Pinout and Connections

> SmartAP GPS has 10 pin JST-GH connector that can be plugged into a PixHawk autopilot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SmartAP GPS has 10 pin JST-GH connector that can be plugged into a Pixhawk flight controller (compliant with Pixhawk connector standard).
```
